fix(mria): Update description of core-replicant configuration (#2356)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/deploy/cluster/mria-introduction.md

<!--need to add a section about how users can work with a cluster with all nodes as core nodes-->

EMQX 5.0 redesigns the cluster architecture with [Mria](https://github.com/emqx/mria), which significantly improves EMQX's horizontal scalability. The new design supports 100,000,000 MQTT connections with a single cluster.

<img src="./assets/EMQX_Mria_architecture.png" alt="EMQX Mria" style="zoom: 40%;" />

In this [Mria](https://github.com/emqx/mria), each node assumes one of two roles: Core node or Replicant.
Core nodes serve as a data layer for the database.
Replicant nodes connect to Core nodes and passively replicate data updates from Core nodes. On how core and replicant node works, you can continue to read the [EMQX clustering](../../design/clustering.md).

By default, all nodes assume the Core node role, so the cluster behaves like that in [EMQX 4.x](https://docs.emqx.com/en/enterprise/v4.4/getting-started/cluster.html#node-discovery-and-autocluster), which is recommended for a small cluster with 3 nodes or fewer. The Core + Replicant mode is only recommended if there are more than 3 nodes in the cluster.

## Enable Core + Replicant Mode

> To enable the Core + Replicant mode, it is necessary to designate certain nodes as replicant nodes. This is achieved by setting `node.role` parameter to `replicant`. Additionally, you need to enable an automatic cluster discovery strategy (`cluster.discovery_strategy`). Given that replicant nodes are designed to be stateless, they have limited support for the `manual` discovery strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the Core + Replicant mode, it is necessary to designate certain nodes as replicant nodes. This is achieved by setting `node.role` parameter to `replicant`. Additionally, you need to enable an automatic cluster discovery strategy (`cluster.discovery_strategy`). 

:::tip
Replicant nodes cannot use `manual` discovery strategy to discover core nodes. 
:::
```
